#summary Information about the Drowned.

= Name =

Drowned

= Short Description =

Vengeful spirits determined to drown the rest of the world.

= Long Description =

Over the millennia, hundreds of thousands of people have drowned in the
oceans, lakes, and rivers of the world.  Most of them pass peacefully
into oblivion, but some linger, warped by the experience of their death.
Over time, those who remain have gathered together in an undead cabal.
They want the rest of the world to join them in their watery graves, and
will stop at nothing to make it happen.

= Ritual Start =

It begins to rain.  A slow drizzle at first, the entire world is soon
enveloped in an unending thunderstorm, water pouring from the heavens
without an end in sight.  Low-lying regions begin to flood, and it is
only a matter of time before even the highest ground is inundated.

= Ritual Success =

The heavy rains turn torrential.  The sea level rises inexorably as humanity crowds further and further up into the mountains.  Still the rains come, still the waters climb.  Every death in the water adds to the power of the Drowned, the force of the neverending rain.  Many take
to boats in an attempt to survive on the surface of the sea, only to find that no ship remains seaworthy; leaks spring up in unlikely places, and soon every vessel succumbs to the inexorable pull of the dark depths below.  The last gasp of humanity is a doomed man standing on the peak of Everest, and then he goes under once. Twice. He is gone.

= Ritual Failure =

The rains slacken, first to a light patter, then a drizzle, then nothing but the usual patterns of storms and showers. Commentators argue that the excess water had to come from somewhere, but within days everything seems to have returned to an equilibrium, the ghost rains drying up into nothing.  Scientists are at a loss to explain the phenomenon, but the
rest of the world returns to its routine, although many glance at the sky whenever a cloud darkens the day, worried that it might once again begin to rain forever.