#summary Information about The Slake

= Name =

The Slake

= Short Description =
  
Emotional vampires who feed on ecstasy and horror.

= Long Description =

Legends passed down for generations speak of vampires, those who consume the blood of mankind.  Little do most know that those stories contain the dim shine of truth: twisted creatures among humanity, drinking in strong emotion and leaving shattered husks.  With the world ripe for the plucking, the Slake want nothing more than to turn it all into an eternal feeding ground.

= Ritual Start =

The Slake begin to draw on their stores of distilled emotions, slowly drawing the world into a heightened sense of existence. Petty disputes flare into armed conflicts, teetering towards full-fledge wars; long-hidden passions and desires erupt into a reflowering of hedonism.  On the edges of it all, the vampires drink and drink, powering their dark magics ever further...

= Ritual Success =

Society collapses into an orgy of violence and ecstasy. Nation-states collapse as they destroy each other in terrible attacks and counterattacks, while those back home fall into reckless passion, destroying relationships and souls alike as the Slake consume it all.  They leave only a small number of chattel alive, to procreate and destroy as they drain them, one by one, until the end of time.

= Ritual Failure =

The strange passions that had gripped the world fade like a bad dream, the world shaking off the heightened sense of everything with little more than whispers of concern.  A wild season, nothing more, the media proclaims, a self-fulfilling prophecy.  The Slake retreat for a while, to gather their powers once again for another attempt at goading the world into providing the emotions they crave.