#summary Information about the Frozen Dream

= Name =
The Frozen Dream

= Short Description =
A group of ice demons that want to freeze the world.

= Long Description =

Led by unholy denizens of frozen wastes, The Frozen Dream works to turn
the world into an eternal winter horrorland, full of ice demons and
frosthounds cavorting in the terrible chill.  What little can survive
in the icy bleakness will be hunted for sport.

= Summoning Start =

As The Frozen Dream begins their dark rituals, temperatures across the
world begin to drop.  Winter has become bitterly frigid, spring and fall
too cold for the plants, and summer a wan shadow of its former self.
Weather patterns spiral out of control, and food crops wither and die.

= Summoning Success =

Their dark ritual complete, The Frozen Dream's grasp upon the Earth
becomes stronger.  The biting cold becomes unbearable, freezing and
shattering plants and animals alike still on the surface.  What little
humanity remains is ensconced deep underground, but the unnatural chill
manages to penetrate even those bastions, slowly but surely.  It is only
a matter of time before the thin flame of natural life is extinguished
by the icy winds that blow across the planet.

= Summoning Failure =

The unnatural chill of recent days begins to fade, the world scrambling
to repair what damage can be fixed.  Many still shiver uncontrollably
when a gust of cool air blows past them, a psychic remnant of the grasp
The Frozen Dream nearly had upon the Earth.