#labels tutorial
Evil Cult is a turn-based strategy of global conquest. You play as the leader of one of four cults whose goal is either to destroy the other cults completely or to summon your own Elder God. To do so, you must both recruit _priests_ and abduct _virgins_. You can try to summon your Elder God when you have 3 priests and 9 virgins. The success of this endeavor is greatly dependent on society's _awareness_ of your actions. While you work on your goals, the other three cults are doing the same, gathering priests and virgins for their own nefarious goals.

At the start of the game you have one follower, a _neophyte_. As this neophyte is the _Origin_ of your cult, each turn he generates a point of one of the three resources, determined randomly at the start of the game: _Intimidation_, _Persuasion_, or _Bribery_. You will need these resources to gain more followers or to convert the followers of other cults. You can convert between these three resources at a 2-to-1 ratio. _Virgins_ are another resource that you collect, and they can be converted to any other resource at a 1-to-1 ratio.

*Nodes*: The squares with letters on the map screen represent individual people, and therefore your potential followers. The letter represents the resource you need to sway that follower to your cause. If a follower already belongs to another cult, the letter is replaced by a number showing the _level_ of that follower.  The higher the level, the harder the conversion process becomes. Pick a node that needs a resource which you have and click on it. That action will trigger an attempt to gain the follower represented by that node. The chance of success, along with other information about the node, is displayed in a tooltip that appears if you hover your mouse pointer over the node. If you do not have resources which are needed to gain any adjacent nodes, don't worry; you can convert the resources you have to the ones you need.

Note that trying to convert a follower from another cult will start a war with that cult.  Wars only end with the complete destruction of one of the sides involved, so think hard before converting followers of another cult!

*Generators*: Nodes with wider borders are _generator_ nodes; when you gain the follower they represent, they will generate a point of the resource shown in the tooltip each turn. A generator node is harder to gain than a standard node, but the additional resources are worth the challenge.  Keep in mind that if society's awareness of your cult is high, you can fail to get some of the new resources on the next turn. Small numbers (such as "+0-1") under the current resource amount in the _status panel_ show how much of that resource you will get on the next turn. Generators are a valued possession for any cult so they are in need of _protection_. If a generator node is connected to 3 or more nodes it becomes protected; no cult can try to convert this node without first converting nodes around it so that the number of connections drops below 3. Protected nodes have their border colored white.

*Origin*: Every cult starts from one node; that node is the _Origin_ of the cult, and is the most important member of the cult. It is marked with a double border on the map for ease of recognition. Only by converting another cult's Origin can you stop the Final Ritual that the cult will inevitably try and perform to take over the world. When a cult's Origin is lost, one of the cult's priests is immediately transformed into its new Origin. If no priests are available, the cult is paralyzed and cannot expand its army of followers until a new priest is initiated and transformed into the Origin.

*Followers*: Your followers can be one of three levels: _neophytes_, _adepts_ and _priests_. To upgrade a follower you will need a number of virgins equal to the new level and 3 followers of the convertee's current level. Neophytes gather virgins each turn, hence the importance of converting people to your cause. In addition, adepts can lower society's awareness of your cult, and priests are needed for the Final Ritual.

*Awareness*: Society's awareness is a very important statistic. The higher it is the harder it is to do anything: gaining a follower, performing a ritual, or receiving a resource. You will notice the effects of high awareness when you start failing to gain new followers. In that case you will need to lower it using your adepts. Of course, you need to have some adepts first. Adepts can lower awareness by 2% using any of the available resources except virgins. Despite their power in influencing society, adepts are not superhuman; each adept can only use one resource point per turn to reduce awareness.

*Winning the Game*: There are two ways to win: you can convert all the nodes of the opposing cults, destroying their ability to operate, or you can complete the Final Ritual and bring about the unholy desires of the horror your cult worships.

*The Final Ritual*: Priests are required to complete the Final Ritual.  While performing the Ritual, each priest generates one Ritual Point per turn, which goes into a pool of points needed for finishing the Ritual.  The Final Ritual needs 9 Ritual Points to be performed, so you can slow down another cult's completion of the Ritual by converting its priests, or speed yours up by making new priests of your own.

Note that upon starting the Final Ritual, all other cults automatically declare war on your cult.  In addition, successful conversion of the _Origin_ of any cult working on their Final Ritual brings the Ritual to a halt and empties the pool of Ritual Points, forcing the cult to start over.

*Opposing cults*: Don't forget that all of these rules also apply to the other three cults in play; you may find as you work to complete your goals another cult beats you to their goal.  Make sure that doesn't happen!